this is my sincere reflection in this
time of mass infection in the style of
Hiawatha how I wonder why I bother in
our memory we carry images of February
hugs and kisses making Mary in a tiny
now legendary now the people we have
stuck with are the ones we must put up
with and what's worse a vice versa up
the wall we drive each other mother
father sister brother kissing cousin
Oakland art can we get on yes we can't
now is the time to stop and step back
back from normal social contact to
perpetuate existence wash your hands and
keep your distance some of us don't do
the right things this is why we can't
have nice things those who won't do lock
down let down those who get down with
the shutdown there are dipstick out on
picnics numbskulls dingbats Donnell
those dimwits
no you nitwits that is not what's meant
by shut down all by luck no if we're to
be protected we must act like we're
infected must revise the pecking order
but praise the shower not beholder
appraise our carers in their key roles
all our heroines and heroes couriers
it's time to tip them nurses doctors
let's equip them
as Casey is exponential and our fears
and tears torrential their courageous
care reminds us of the currency of
careers reveals our power and our
potential now we find out what's
essential
[Music]
you